# ApplicationSiteRequestNew

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AdditionalCategories** | **string** | Used to configure or edit the additional categories of a custom application / site used in the Application and URL Filtering or Threat Prevention. | [optional] [default to null]
**ApplicationSignature** | **string** | Application signature generated by &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://supportcenter.checkpoint.com/supportcenter/portal?eventSubmit_doGoviewsolutiondetails&#x3D;&amp;solutionid&#x3D;sk103051\&quot;&gt;Signature Tool&lt;/a&gt;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Color** | **string** | Color of the object. Should be one of existing colors. | [optional] [default to null]
**Comments** | **string** | Comments string. | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | A description for the application. | [optional] [default to null]
**DetailsLevel** | **string** | The level of detail for some of the fields in the response can vary from showing only the UID value of the object to a fully detailed representation of the object. | [optional] [default to null]
**Groups** | **string** | Collection of group identifiers. | [optional] [default to null]
**IgnoreErrors** | **bool** | Apply changes ignoring errors. You won&#39;t be able to publish such a changes. If ignore-warnings flag was omitted - warnings will also be ignored. | [optional] [default to null]
**IgnoreWarnings** | **bool** | Apply changes ignoring warnings. | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | Object name. Should be unique in the domain. | [default to null]
**PrimaryCategory** | **string** | Each application is assigned to one primary category based on its most defining aspect. | [default to null]
**Tags** | **string** | Collection of tag identifiers. | [optional] [default to null]
**UrlList** | **string** | URLs that determine this particular application. | [default to null]
**UrlsDefinedAsRegularExpression** | **bool** | States whether the URL is defined as a Regular Expression or not. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


