# NatRuleReply

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AutoGenerated** | **bool** | N/A | [optional] [default to null]
**Comments** | **string** | Comments string. | [optional] [default to null]
**Domain** | [***ApiDomainIdentifier**](ApiDomainIdentifier.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Enabled** | **bool** | Enable/Disable the rule. | [optional] [default to null]
**InstallOn** | [**[]ApiObjectStandardIdentifier**](ApiObjectStandardIdentifier.md) | Which gateway, identified by the name or UID, to install the policy. How much details are returned depends on the details-level field of the request. This table shows the level of detail shown when details-level is set to standard. | [optional] [default to null]
**MetaInfo** | [***MetaInfoForTopLevelReply**](MetaInfoForTopLevelReply.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Method** | **string** | Nat method. | [optional] [default to null]
**OriginalDestination** | [***ApiObjectStandardIdentifier**](ApiObjectStandardIdentifier.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**OriginalService** | [***ApiObjectStandardIdentifier**](ApiObjectStandardIdentifier.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**OriginalSource** | [***ApiObjectStandardIdentifier**](ApiObjectStandardIdentifier.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Package_** | **string** | N/A | [optional] [default to null]
**TranslatedDestination** | [***ApiObjectStandardIdentifier**](ApiObjectStandardIdentifier.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**TranslatedService** | [***ApiObjectStandardIdentifier**](ApiObjectStandardIdentifier.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**TranslatedSource** | [***ApiObjectStandardIdentifier**](ApiObjectStandardIdentifier.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Type_** | **string** | Type of the object. | [optional] [default to null]
**Uid** | **string** | Object unique identifier. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


