# ScadaApplicationReply

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AdditionalCategories** | **[]string** | N/A | [optional] [default to null]
**ApplicationId** | **int32** | N/A | [optional] [default to null]
**ApplicationSignature** | **string** | Application signature generated by &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://supportcenter.checkpoint.com/supportcenter/portal?eventSubmit_doGoviewsolutiondetails&#x3D;&amp;solutionid&#x3D;sk103051\&quot;&gt;Signature Tool&lt;/a&gt;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Category** | **string** | SCADA application category. | [optional] [default to null]
**Color** | **string** | Color of the object. Should be one of existing colors. | [optional] [default to null]
**Comments** | **string** | Comments string. | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | N/A | [optional] [default to null]
**Domain** | [***ApiDomainIdentifier**](ApiDomainIdentifier.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Groups** | [**[]ApiObjectStandardIdentifier**](ApiObjectStandardIdentifier.md) | How much details are returned depends on the details-level field of the request. This table shows the level of detail shown when details-level is set to standard. | [optional] [default to null]
**Icon** | **string** | Object icon. | [optional] [default to null]
**MetaInfo** | [***MetaInfoForTopLevelReply**](MetaInfoForTopLevelReply.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | Object name. Should be unique in the domain. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReadOnly** | **bool** | Indicates whether the object is read-only. | [optional] [default to null]
**Risk** | **string** | N/A | [optional] [default to null]
**ScadaProperties** | [**[]ScadaApplicationEntryItem**](ScadaApplicationEntryItem.md) | SCADA application properties. | [optional] [default to null]
**Tags** | [**[]ApiObjectStandardIdentifier**](ApiObjectStandardIdentifier.md) | Collection of tag objects identified by the name or UID. How much details are returned depends on the details-level field of the request. This table shows the level of detail shown when details-level is set to standard. | [optional] [default to null]
**Type_** | **string** | Type of the object. | [optional] [default to null]
**Uid** | **string** | Object unique identifier. | [optional] [default to null]
**UserDefined** | **bool** | True if this application site was defined by user (not predefined one). | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


